Mr. Li
It turns out that you believe that the lady is not behind the scenes
Mingwen is kind-hearted
Won't do this kind of thing
What's more, he's already married to me, there's no need
OK
You can check the relevant video of the crime scene.
I'll get the result ASAP.
Yeah, right.
Madam is also imprisoned here
Would you like to see him?
No need, wait to send him grievances.
I checked it out myself
grandma
Besides, I came to see you again
continue
Did you find out who killed grandma?
I found it, I've been caught.
Who is Jiang Yuhang?
He's crazy, grandma has no grudge against him
Why did he kill grandma?
Because of that dead old woman
Not only did it stop me from becoming Mrs. Li Shao
I still have to match you with Bei Hyun
So he had to die.
What are you talking about?